all this working gets me tired I wish
you win another customer will come this
is game too boring excuse me be
can we please check in and around please
sure um how long we will you be staying
here Oh about a few months how many
months that's why I really need to know
a whole year okay let me see mm-hmm that
oh oh and neck down everything don't say
that I do not cut off for this job just
thank you I'm not ready um that'll be
one thousand dollars please you can take
it off my room budget how much will my
room costs about two hundred dollars a
month good I've been saving over a
thousand dollars so go get your turn
have a happy day at the holiday special
day
so here we go a very cool place let's
see excuse me little action oh yeah
check check check thank you you're very
kind of a very nice couple rabbit I like
to check out please check out you love
is a three months notice you can't be
chant that quick
and now but um I can't be living in with
a baby and um elephant mother you're
gonna have to do something about it I'm
leaving well you can leave I cannot kick
her out I just got here and plus that
would not be nice okay Wow pay my last
day then I'll leave okay fine okay this
chair I can't get it to stand up up
there let's talk ah getting the pink
chair getting the pink hair okay
so what we're going to talk about
anything doesn't bother me you know what
I'm game quite bored so Oh silly chair
ah everything falls down oh awesome
mother uh-oh